Update all hardhat plugin pages (#412)
matter-labs/zksync-web-era-docs: docs/api/hardhat/hardhat-zksync-deploy.md

# `hardhat-zksync-deploy`

> This plugin provides utilities for deploying smart contracts on zkSync Era with artifacts built by the official `@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync-solc` plugins.

Reviewer: Revert to original.

::: warning
- Contracts must be compiled using the official `@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync-solc` plugin. 
- Contracts compiled with other compilers will fail to deploy to zkSync Era using this plugin.
:::

> 

Reviewer: Why are you removing the vyper reference here?

Author: I removed it, to put it as a warning in the Vyper section.

Reviewer: this is another duplicate content problem ... why not add this to a main page like under here instead:

https://era.zksync.io/docs/api/hardhat/getting-started.html#prerequisites

Author: @kailash-manasarovar updated.

## Prerequisite

To use the `hardhat-zksync-deploy` in your project, we recommend that:

>   - You have `yarn` package manager installed or `npm` package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You have a Node installation and `yarn` package manager.
```

  - You are already familiar with deploying smart contracts on zkSync Era. If not, please refer to the first section of the [quickstart tutorial](../../dev/building-on-zksync/hello-world.md).

>   - You already have some experience working with Ethereum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - You have a wallet with sufficient Göerli `ETH` on L1 to pay for bridging funds to zkSync as well as deploying smart contracts. We recommend using [our faucet from the zkSync portal](https://goerli.portal.zksync.io/faucet).
  - You know how to get your [private key from your MetaMask wallet](https://support.metamask.io/hc/en-us/articles/360015289632-How-to-export-an-account-s-private-key).

## Setup

[@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync-deploy](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync-deploy)

> To use this plugin, install the dependencies, by running the following commands in the terminal:

Reviewer: Revert to original.

#### `Deployer`

> The main export of this plugin is the `Deployer` class. It is used to wrap a `zksync-web3` Wallet instance and provides a convenient interface to deploy smart contracts and account abstractions. It's main methods are:

Reviewer: Revert to original.

  ): Promise<ZkSyncArtifact>

  /**

>    * Estimates the price of calling a deploy transaction in a fee token.

Reviewer: Revert to original.

    * For now it uses defaults values for the transaction parameters:
    *
    * @param artifact The previously loaded artifact object.
    * @param constructorArguments The list of arguments to be passed to the contract constructor.

>     * @param overrides The optional object with additional deploy transaction parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * @param overrides Optional object with additional deploy transaction parameters.
```

  async extractFactoryDeps(artifact: ZkSyncArtifact): Promise<string[]>
```

To see an example script of how to use a `Deployer` class to deploy a contract, check out the [deployment section of the quickstart](./getting-started.md#write-and-deploy-a-contract).

### Configuration

::: warning API changes in v0.6.x

> - Previous versions of this package required a different configuration in the `hardhat.config.ts` file. 
> - If you're using `v0.5.x` or previous, the network configuration must be indicated in an object called `zkSyncDeploy`, including the properties `zkSyncNetwork` and `ethNetwork`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - We advised developers to upgrade to the most recent version of this package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We advise developers to upgrade to the most recent version of this package.
```

    },
    zkTestnet: {
      url: "https://testnet.era.zksync.dev", // The testnet RPC URL of zkSync Era network.
      ethNetwork: "goerli", // The Ethereum Web3 RPC URL, or the identifier of the network (e.g. `mainnet` or `goerli`)
      zksync: true
    }
},
// defaultNetwork: "zkTestnet", // optional (if not set, use '--network zkTestnet')
```

- `zkTestnet` is an arbitrary zkSync Era network name. You can select this as the default network using the `defaultNetwork` property.
- `url` is a field with the URL of the zkSync Era node in case of the zkSync Era network (with `zksync` flag set to `true`), or the URL of the Ethereum node. This field is required for all zkSync Era and Ethereum networks used by this plugin.
- `ethNetwork` is a field with the URL of the Ethereum node. You can also provide network name (e.g. `goerli`) as the value of this field. In this case, the plugin will either use the URL of the appropriate Ethereum network configuration (from the `networks` section), or the default `ethers` provider for the network if the configuration is not provided. This field is required for all zkSync networks used by this plugin.

> - `zksync` is a flag to indicate if the network represents zkSync Era network configuration. This field needs to be set to `true` for all zkSync Era networks, else it's `false` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `zksync` is a flag that indicates if the network is zkSync Era. This field needs to be set to `true` for all zkSync Era networks; it is `false` by default.
```

### Commands

> `npx hardhat deploy-zksync` -- runs through all the scripts in the `deploy` folder.

Reviewer: Revert to original.

::: tip
The deployment scripts must be placed in the `deploy` folder.
:::

> - To run a specific script, add the `--script` argument, e.g. `hardhat deploy-zksync --script 001_deploy.ts`. This will run script `./deploy/001_deploy.ts`.
> - To run on a specific zkSync Era network, use standard hardhat `--network` argument, e.g. `--network zkTestnet`, the network with the name `zkTestnet` needs to be configured in the `hardhat.config.ts` file, with all required fields stated above, or specify `defaultNetwork` in `hardhat.config.ts` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To run a specific script, add the `--script` argument, e.g. `hardhat deploy-zksync --script 001_deploy.ts`. This runs script `./deploy/001_deploy.ts`.
- To run on a specific zkSync Era network, use the standard Hardhat `--network` argument, e.g. `--network zkTestnet`. The network with the name `zkTestnet` needs to be configured in the `hardhat.config.ts` file, with all required fields stated above, or specify `defaultNetwork` in `hardhat.config.ts` file.
```
